.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH SHAPEINDEX 1 "January 11, 2007"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
shapeindex \- program to creates file system based index for ESRI shapefiles
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B shapeindex
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B shapeindex
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBshapeindex\fP is a program that creates file system based index (*.index)
for ESRI shapefiles. These files are used for fast 'in box' queries on large
shapefiles.
.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Show version of program.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Show verbose output.
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-depth [arg]
Specify maximum tree depth (default 8)
.TP
.B \-r, \-\-ratio [arg]
Specify split ratio (default 0.55)
.TP
.B \-\-shape_files [file1 file2..fileN]
Specify shape files to index
.SH AUTHOR
shapeindex was written by Artem Pavlenko.
.PP
This manual page was written by Dominic Hargreaves <dom@earth.li>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
